Add build param to skip creating hardlinks (#23782)
prestodb/presto: README.md

    ./mvnw clean install -DskipTests

> Presto uses provisio plugin for packaging using hard links. If your filesystem doesn't support hardlinks, you can bypass hardlinks using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Presto uses the [Provisio](https://github.com/jvanzyl/provisio) plugin for packaging using hard links. If your filesystem doesn't support hard links, you can bypass hard links using:
```
Suggest adding a link to Provisio. Nit for consistency in "hard link".

    
    ./mvnw clean install -presto.hard-link-includes=''

> 

Reviewer 2: My sense is that the vast majority of filesystems folks use do support hardlinks.  If that's the case, this is a very prominent callout in the README for relatively esoteric information.  I would remove it, and perhaps add a comment in the POM instead.

Author: IMO - Anyone setting up project & building it, is going to look in README file for build instructions.

Reviewer 2: Maybe let's create a section toward the bottom for common issues with the build.  For now, we can just put this there, but add other stuff as needed (incorrect JDK, Maven timeouts, etc).

Author: Updated
